docs: add READMEs for Slurm integration interface implementations (#239)
charmed-hpc/slurm-charms: pkg/slurm-oci-runtime-interface/README.md

# `charmed-slurm-oci-runtime-interface`

![PyPI - Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/charmed-slurm-oci-runtime-interface)
![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/charmed-slurm-oci-runtime-interface)

## Usage

This package provides the integration interface implementation for the `slurm_oci_runtime` interface.
It enables OCI runtime charms - for example, Apptainer - to share their runtime configuration
with the `slurmctld` application, which uses it to generate the `oci.conf` configuration file.

To install, add `charmed-slurm-oci-runtime-interface` to your Python dependencies.
Then in your Python code, import as:

```python
from charmed_slurm_oci_runtime_interface import (
    OCIRuntimeData,
    OCIRuntimeProvider,
    OCIRuntimeRequirer,
)
```

## Direction

The `slurm_oci_runtime` interface implements a provider/requirer pattern.
The Provider is the OCI runtime application that shares its runtime configuration with `slurmctld`.

> The Requirer is the `slurmctld` application that consumes OCI runtime configuration to build `oci.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `slurm_oci_runtime` interface implements the provider/requirer integration pattern. The provider-side, the OCI runtime application, provides its runtime configuration with the requirer, `slurmctld`. `slurmctld` consumes the OCI runtime configuration to build `oci.conf`.
```

```mermaid
flowchart TD

>     Provider -- ociconfig --> Requirer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    B("OCI runtime app\n(provider)") -- ociconfig --> A("slurmctld\n(requirer)")
```
